Update README.md for snakemake 7 (#47)
hdr-bgnn/Minnow_Segmented_Traits: README.md

### Install Workflow Runner

> To run the workflow [snakemake](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html) (version 7) with [mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) must be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the workflow [Snakemake v7](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/v7.32.3/) with [mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) must be installed. (_The workflow definition is not compatible with Snakemake v8+._)
```
